23 anforderungen an das gesamtprojekt aus dem leaderboard (#60)
ll7/paf22: doc/03_research/04_requirements/02_informations_from_leaderboard.md

First, GPS coordinates, a z component and a route option

```yaml
[({'z': 0.0, 'lat': 48.99822669411668, 'lon': 8.002271601998707}, RoadOption.LEFT),
 ({'z': 0.0, 'lat': 48.99822669411668, 'lon': 8.002709765148996}, RoadOption.RIGHT),
 ...
 ({'z': 0.0, 'lat': 48.99822679980298, 'lon': 8.002735250105061}, RoadOption.STRAIGHT)]

```

Second, world coordinates and a route option

```yaml
[({'x': 153.7, 'y': 15.6, 'z': 0.0}, RoadOption.LEFT),
 ({'x': 148.9, 'y': 67.8, 'z': 0.0}, RoadOption.RIGHT),
 ...
 ({'x': 180.7, 'y': 45.1, 'z': 1.2}, RoadOption.STRAIGHT)]

```

**Important:** Distance between route points can be up to hundreds of meters.

High-level commands (rood options) are:

* RoadOption.**CHANGELANELEFT**: Move one lane to the left.
* RoadOption.**CHANGELANERIGHT**: Move one lane to the right.
* RoadOption.**LANEFOLLOW**: Continue in the current lane.
* RoadOption.**LEFT**: Turn left at the intersection.
* RoadOption.**RIGHT**: Turn right at the intersection.
* RoadOption.**STRAIGHT**: Keep straight at the intersection.

**Important:** If the semantics of left and right are ambiguous, the next position should be used to clarify the path.

> **Important**: You are not allowed to make use of any privilege information offered by the CARLA simulator, including planners or any type of ground truth. Submissions using these features will be rejected and teams will be banned from the platform.

Reviewer: Does this also count for training data? Or is it possible to train our nets e.g. with the output of the semantic camera?

Author: Good question. I'm not quite sure, but certainly it should not be included in the submission as only RGB cameras are allowed. It might falsify our model if we train on data later unavailable, what do you think?

Reviewer: Yes that’s right… So more work for us to create the labels ourselves, but at least we are then on the safe side 😄

Author: Possibly there are training sets from the previous years

Author: @MarcoRiedenauer to follow up on the issue. In my opinion, for training data generation/annotated images, it should be possible to work with everything we have, for the submission we are limited to RGB cameras

| IMU | [sensor.other.imu](https://carla.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ref_sensors/#imu-sensor) | 0 - 1 units|
| LIDAR | [sensor.lidar.ray_cast](https://carla.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ref_sensors/#lidar-sensor) | 0 - 1 units|
| Radar | [sensor.other.radar](https://carla.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ref_sensors/#radar-sensor) | 0 - 2 units |
| RGB camera | [sensor.camera.rgb](https://carla.readthedocs.io/en/latest/ref_sensors/#rgb-camera) | 0 - 4 units|
|Speedometer| sensor.other.speedometer (not in docu) | 0 - 1 units|
| OpenDRIVE map (only in MAP mode)| sensor.opendrive_map (not in docu) | 0 - 1 units|

## Evaluation

Determination how "good" the agent performs on the Leaderboard.

### Main score

The driving proficiency of an agent can be characterized by multiple metrics.

* `Driving score:` Product between route completion and infractions penalty
* `Route completion:` Percentage of the route distance completed by an agent
* `Infraction penalty:` The leaderboard tracks several types of infractions which reduce the score

Every agent starts with a base infraction score of 1.0 at the beginning.

Complete score is arithmetic mean of all routes driving scores.

> ### Driving Score for route i
> 
> Product of route completion of route i and Infraction penalty of route i

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Driving score for single route

Product of route completion and infraction penalty of this route
```

Sounds a bit better to me than the mathematical "i" :)
